# CloudCensorFxxkerWithFloppy

---

## Features

Just make your single file or folder to multiple IMG floppy files to avoid cloud disk censor like BaiduNetDisk, Quark and so on.

Remember you can then archive your multiple IMG floppy files to one ZIP / 7Z file for convenient.

---

## Quick Start

1. Go to [GitHub Release](https://github.com/scilxurkel001/CloudCensorFxxkerWithFloppy/releases) and download the latest release.
2. Unzip the ZIP file, you will see "CCFWF-Compressor" and "CCFWF-Extractor".

To compress:
1. Run "CCFWF-Compressor".
2. Select source, floppy format type and output dictionary.
3. Click "Start Matrix Compression and Generate Floppy Images"
4. Wait for it (be patient) and you will see a folder full of IMG files.

To extract:
1. Run "CCFWF-Extractor".
2. Select directory containing floppy images and target directory for extraction and merging.
3. Click "Start Automatic Extraction and Merging"
4. Wait for it (be patient) and you will see your original file or folder.

## 🛠️ Building and Installation

You need:
- Python 3.8 (This is for compatibility with Windows 7)
- Windows 7/10/11 (Windows 10 or 11 is recommended)

**It is highly recommended to use [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) for efficient dependency management.**

### Compilation Method 1 (Highly Recommended)

If you have `uv`, please execute the `uv sync --python 3.8` command directly and proceed to the next step once the installation is complete.

### Compilation Method 2 (Traditional)

If you do not have `uv`, please ensure your Python version is 3.8 or higher, and then... 

First, execute the command `python -m venv .venv` to create a virtual environment. 
Then, execute the command `.venv\Scripts\activate` (Windows) or `source .venv/bin/activate` (macOS / Linux) to activate the environment. 

Finally, execute the command `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install the dependencies. 
If the installation is completed successfully, you can proceed to the next step. If an error occurs during the installation process, please delete the virtual environment and try again, or use `uv` to complete a smooth installation process. 

## Debug and Run

Execute `uv run <PYTHON_FILE>` in the file root directory. 

Or execute the command `.venv\Scripts\activate` (Windows) or `source .venv/bin/activate` (macOS / Linux) to activate the environment, and execute `python <PYTHON_FILE>`. 

## Production Packaging

Execute `uv run pyinstaller -F --noconsole --name "CCFWF-Compressor" floppyCompress.py` / `uv run pyinstaller -F --noconsole --name "CCFWF-Extractor" floppyExtract.py`. 

Or execute the command `.venv\Scripts\activate` (Windows) or `source .venv/bin/activate` (macOS / Linux) to activate the environment, and execute `pyinstaller -F --noconsole --name "CCFWF-Compressor" floppyCompress.py` / `pyinstaller -F --noconsole --name "CCFWF-Extractor" floppyExtract.py`.

If you use the Qt version, you need to execute `uv run pyinstaller -F --noconsole --name "CCFWF-Compressor-Qt" --add-data "fonts;fonts" floppyCompress-Qt.py` / `uv run pyinstaller -F --noconsole --name "CCFWF-Extractor-Qt" --add-data "fonts;fonts" floppyExtract-Qt.py`. 

---

## Note

- Due to the PyInstaller, the EXE files generated by this program may be immediately detected and quarantined by various antivirus software.
- A maximum of 99,999 files can be generated; exceeding this limit may result in program errors or unpredictable behavior. Based on the provided options, the 1440KB setting supports a maximum file size of approximately 137.3 GB.

## License
AGPL License - Feel free to fork and mess around but you need to open source everything, for avoiding the NetDisk provider use it.

## Inspired by
The incident of "Quark Cloud Drive cleans the resource of the movie"
